feat: Add Wallet Attestation request flow (#233)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-solution.rst

 - **Support for Android and iOS operating systems**: the Wallet Instance MUST be compatible and functional at least on both Android and iOS operating systems, as well as available on the Play Store and App Store respectively.
 - **Verification of device ownership by the User**: the Wallet Instance MUST provide a mechanism to verify the User's actual possession and full control of their personal device.

Wallet Instance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The Wallet Instance serves as a unique and secure device for authenticating the User within the Wallet ecosystem. It establishes a strong and reliable mechanismm for the User to engage various digital transactions in a secure and privacy-preserving manner.

The Wallet Instance establishes the trust within the Wallet ecosystem by consistently presenting a Wallet Attestation during interactions with other ecosystem actors such as PID Providers, (Q)EAA Providers, and Relying Parties. These verifiable attestations, provided by the Wallet Provider, purpose to authenticate the Wallet Instance itself, ensuring its realiability when engaging with other ecosystem actors.

> To guarantee the utmost security, these cryptographic keys MAY be securely stored within the device's Trusted Execution Environment (TEE)[3]. This ensures that only the User is allowed to access them, thus preventing unauthorized usage or tampering. For more detailed information please refer to the `Wallet Attestation section`_ and the `Trust Model section`_ of this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To guarantee the utmost security, these cryptographic keys MUST be securely stored within the WSCD which MAY be internal (device's Trusted Execution Environment (TEE)[3]), external, or hybrid. This ensures that only the User is allowed to access them, thus preventing unauthorized usage or tampering. For more detailed information please refer to the `Wallet Attestation section`_ and the `Trust Model section`_ of this document.
```

Wallet Instance Lifecycle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The Wallet Instance has three distinct states: Operational, Valid, and Deactivated. Each state represents a specific functional status and determines the actions that can be performed[2].

Initialization Process
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To activate the Wallet Instance, the Users MUST install the mobile Wallet application on their device and open it. Furthermore, Users will be asked to set their preferred method of unlocking their device; this can be accomplished by entering a personal identification number (PIN) or by utilizing biometric authentication, such as fingerprint or facial recognition, according to their personal preferences and device's capabilities.

After completing these steps, the Wallet Instance sets the Operational state.

Transition to Valid state
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To transition from the Operational state to the Valid state, the Wallet Instance MUST obtain a valid Personal Identification (PID). Once a valid PID is acquired, the Wallet Instance becomes Valid.

> In order to securely and unambiguously identify Users, the Wallet Instance requires a Level of Assurance (LoA) 3, which guarantees both the User's identity and the device security. The authentication method is chosen by the PID Provider from among the notified eID solutions at the national level.

Reviewer: The LoA is not related to the device security. The LoA only refers to the identification process. I would differentiate the LoA from the AAL. The latter is related to the device security. 
There is some confusion on this point:
- National eIDs (eIDAS notified) have a LoA that is related to the identification procedures and authentication mechanisms --> this doesn't involve the Wallet Instance
- The LoA in the context of the EUDI Wallet is dependent on the security of the Wallet Instance itself. 

I see 2 options:
1. we use 2 different concepts: LoA (for user identification during the issuance) and AAL (for the security of the device and the SW)
2. we introduce a LoA specific for the EUDI Wallet which includes both (LoA for the user identification and AAL for the security of the device). This means that if the User requests a Credential using national eID with LoA High, if the Wallet Instance doesn't provide any evidence of AAL High, the Credential will not be High (to be define all the cases, eg. LoA id = High + AAL=Law --> LoA EUIDW=???).

**Side Note**: in the Credential there is no evidence about the LoA. We only have an evidence of identity assurance in the credential definition and it is the same for all Credentials of the type

Reviewer 2: Here we have remarked the evidence about where LoA comes in place and how it must be preserved within the Holder.
It is clear to everybody that LoA is evaluated with the id proofing, during the provisioning of the digital identity, and asserted during the issuance of the digital credential representing that particular digital identity, by the credential issuer that evaluated the compliance of the Holder.

However, in our analysis, it still not clear the evidence that a transitive property of the LoA comes in place, that starts with id proofing and then became asserted with the holder during the issuance and also during the presentation phase, taking into account that the Wallet Attestation is required also during the presentation phase. 

This transition of the LoA then made to us the requirement to say "LoA" also for the Holder, as mentioned by eIDAS regulation

> Art. 5a(5)(d).  European Digital Identity Wallets shall, in particular:  [...] (d) meet the requirements set out in Article 8 with regard to assurance level high, in particular as applied to the requirements for identity proofing and verification, and electronic identification means management and authentication". 

I'm going to propose an editorial rewording to better clarify these information and remove any sort of ambiguity in the current text if we agree.

> In order to securely and unambiguously identify Users, the Wallet Instance requires a Level of Assurance (LoA) 3, which guarantees both the User's identity and the device security. The authentication method is chosen by the PID Provider from among the notified eID solutions at the national level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To securely and unambiguously authenticate Users, the Wallet Instance necessitates a High Level of Assurance (LoA 3) for User authentication. The method to achieve this LoA is selected by the PID Provider based on the identity proofing method employed during the provisioning of the Digital Credential to the User. Furthermore, to store the acquired Digital Credential, the Wallet Instance MUST demonstrate to the Credential Issuer an adequate security compliance to maintain the Credential at the same LoA at which it was issued.
```
